Add docs section on deploying a local pulp (#42)
stackhpc/terraform-kayobe-multinode: README.rst

   * openstack configuration
   * tempest testing

> **Note**: When setting up a multi-node on a cloud which doesn't have access to test pulp (i.e. everywhere except SMS lab) a separate local pulp must be deployed. Before doing so, it is a good idea to make sure your seed VM has sufficient disk space by setting ``seed_disk_size`` in your ``terraform.tfvars`` to an appropriate value (100-200 GB should suffice). In order to set up the local pulp service on the seed, first obtain/generate a set of Ark credentials, then add the following configuration to ``etc/kayobe/environments/ci-multinode/stackhpc-ci.yml``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: When setting up a multinode on a cloud which doesn't have access to test pulp (i.e. everywhere except SMS lab) a separate local pulp must be deployed. Before doing so, it is a good idea to make sure your seed VM has sufficient disk space by setting ``seed_disk_size`` in your ``terraform.tfvars`` to an appropriate value (150 GB should suffice). In order to set up the local pulp service on the seed, first obtain/generate a set of Ark credentials, then add the following configuration to ``etc/kayobe/environments/ci-multinode/stackhpc-ci.yml``
```

> **Note**: When setting up a multi-node on a cloud which doesn't have access to test pulp (i.e. everywhere except SMS lab) a separate local pulp must be deployed. Before doing so, it is a good idea to make sure your seed VM has sufficient disk space by setting ``seed_disk_size`` in your ``terraform.tfvars`` to an appropriate value (100-200 GB should suffice). In order to set up the local pulp service on the seed, first obtain/generate a set of Ark credentials, then add the following configuration to ``etc/kayobe/environments/ci-multinode/stackhpc-ci.yml``

Reviewer 2: > first obtain/generate a set of Ark credentials

Can you add a link to where we can generate these?

> .. code-block:: console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: yaml
```

   stackhpc_release_pulp_username: <ark-credentials-username>
   stackhpc_release_pulp_password: !vault |

>           <vault-encrypted-ark-password>

Reviewer: Might be worth a line just explaining how to vault encrypt things. It's the sort of thing that a client might want to do but wouldn't have experience in

Author: Client's can't run the workflow to generate credentials so unlikely that they'd be doing this step

Reviewer: But they could use their existing client creds for their cloud

Reviewer: Actually, release pulp pasword/username should already be defined for clients

   pulp_username: admin
   pulp_password: <randomly-generated-password-to-set-for-local-pulp-admin-user>

> You may also need to comment out many of the other config overrides in ``stackhpc-ci.yml`` such as ``stackhpc_repo_mirror_url`` plus all of the ``stackhpc_repo_*`` and ``stackhpc_docker_registry*`` variables. 

Reviewer: Bit vague. What scenarios would mean you do/don't want to comment them out?

Author: If I was more familiar with the naming conventions of the test pulp vs Ark repo paths for the `stackhpc_repo_*` variables then I'd happily be more specific... Feel free to reword this bit yourself.

Reviewer: I've chucked in a one line sed command to just do it all

> To create the local pulp as part of the automated deployment, add the following commands to the ``deploy-openstack.sh`` script in between ``kayobe seed service deploy`` and ``kayobe overcloud host configure``:

Reviewer: It would be better to template this in with a single terraform variable, rather than asking the user to copy/paste it in

Author: Agreed, but then you would also want to automatically write the correct variables into `stackhpc-ci.yml` because one won't work without the other, but that requires more work and testing etc.

Reviewer: Sounds like you need to also template in the correct variables to kayobe-config then :wink:

Reviewer: Maybe make a new kayobe-config environment that extends ci-multinode with the new vars? That would make it a fairly simple change

Author: I don't have time to do that right now so merging some basic docs seems like a reasonable starting point to me.
